well it's just past 1700 GMT that is
8:00 P.M in Gaza where people of The
besieged Enclave are once again
blanketed in darkness for another night
there's no electricity no water no food
and no hope Israel continues its
bombardment of heavily congested
civilian
areas throughout Gaza which has so far
killed
3,785 Palestinians nearly 25% of homes
in Gaza have been damaged and 59 healthc
care facilities have been hit that's
according to the United Nations
meanwhile Regional and world leaders are
using diplomatic channels in the hopes
of bringing humanitarian Aid to the
Region's more than two million people US
President Joe Biden says around 20
trucks will be permitted to go into Gaza
from the Rafa Crossing with Egypt on
Friday but Aid organizations say that
this is not enough and that there's no
guarantee it will even be distributed
rasul sah has
more Palestinians trapped in Gaza find
nowhere safe Israeli air strikes are
hitting several areas across a densely
populated
region including its Southern Parts
which Israel had declared
safe we came from Gaza City they told us
to come to the South so we came to the
South we found that the strikes
intensified in the South we stayed in a
house in front of us were strikes and
behind us strikes there's no safety
there's nowhere safe in Gaza you have to
be ready to die and just to stay in your
house Israel told Palestinians to leave
Northern Gaza and head to what were
supposed to be safe zones in the South
but KH yunes a city in southern Gaza
where hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians had South shelter was among
the places hit by Relentless Israeli air
strikes families are shattered and
buildings are reduced to
Rubble this family has lost at least 13
members including children the
devastating bombardments on khun came
hours after Israel agreed to allow Egypt
to deliver limited humanitarian Aid to
Gaza many of gaza's 2.3 million
residents have cut down to one meal a
day and resorted to drinking dirty water
as Israel cut off life-saving
Essentials more than 100 trucks are
waiting near the Rafa Crossing on the
Egyptian side but it's not expected that
Aid will enter Gaza safely the Rafa
Crossing is the only way for a to enter
the STP it has become a focus of the
conflict between Israel and Hamas as the
humanitarian Crisis get
worse I came from isia and have been
here at the Rafa border crossing for our
Palestinian Brothers since the start of
the war we are staying here for
Palestinians we will not leave until the
aid enters Palestine to
Gaza the area near the Raa crin has been
bombed twice by Israel since October 7
on Wednesday Israeli raids on
residential buildings in Raa killed
atlast 20
Palestinians millions of Palestinians in
Gaza are now waiting for much needed
humanitarian
aid but it seems unlikely to raise
Spirits in The besieged Enclave where
Palestinians more than everything else
are focused on Surviving Israel's air
strikes Rus SAR Al
jazer tar kabu AUM joins us live from
Han Yunis in southern Gaza Tark that
area has been under constant Israeli
bombardment what can you tell us and
what have you been
seeing well another bloody night of uh
Israeli ongoing strikes really uh
continue claiming the life till this
current moment for more than 300
Palestinian just only uh today uh the
Israeli bombardment in the Gaza continu
in every single corner of the besieged
territory uh in khuna City only uh 37
Palestinians were uh killed by the
Israeli ongoing strikes different areas
were hit during the past hour including
jabalia refugee camp this area is is
very densely populated area and the
strike was close to uh a United Nation
Affiliated school which is full of
displaced people who really evacuated
from the Eastern areas of the Gaza Strip
uh till this current moment um thousands
and t t of thousands of Palestinians
really evacuated the houses moving
forward to the sou areas of the besieged
uh territory while other people refused
to evacuate the houses to remain inside
the houses simply because they feel that
there is no any safe shelter in the site
the Gaza STP the majority of the Israeli
uh victims of the majority of the
Israeli attacks victims were young
children and women uh today I've heard a
very uh horrific story from one of the
doctors saying that he was treating uh a
Palestinian kid uh the Palestinian kid
whispered in his ears and I going to be
okay I the doctor uh tried to assure him
that yeah you're going to be okay the
doctor asked the kid why you are asking
me that the kid answered because my
mother is a blant and no one will take
care of her after the death of the rest
of my family members this is the current
situation it's like the Gaza
Strip well that's a that's a
heartbreaking story of course that
you're bringing us
um what are people saying about the aid
the aid that is supposed to come into
Gaza tomorrow Friday we're talking about
20 trucks for 2 million
people people inside the Gaza Strip
after 13 days of fighting they really
become really exhausted and tired they
waiting for inh humanitarian Aid in
order to mitigate the current crisis
that they are experiencing uh 20 Trucks
Only are not yet enough to provide
humanitarian aid for more than 2.3
million Palestinians who are residing
inside a very uh small area uh in the
besieged uh territory uh more meanwhile
there are hundreds of trucks still in
the Egyptian site waiting for further
permissions in order to flow into the
Gaza Strip yet only the shelters that
are affiliated to the United Nations are
full of residents who were displaced
from their houses according to the
United Nations more than 400,000
Palestinians are residing in schools
Affiliated to the uh honor generally so
20 trucks won't be really enough and
still Limited in order to uh mitigate
the humanitarian crisis that is
deteriorating day after day due to the
Israeli ongoing closer of borders and
the prevention of in of inessential
items for the besieged territory T Abu
Zoom thank you for your reporting at
1700 GMT it's uh just past 8:00 p.m.
where you are thank you